ashley you teach as well don't you you
do and now this
is so adorable you posted this film
and it's you teaching your daughter
rose i mean i say to you rose
uh you'll see this is just it's
[Music]
beautiful
give me a minute to hold my girl
i've got time i've got love
got confidence you rise above
give me a minute to hold my gun
give me a minute to hold my girl
crowded town
[Music]
oh
i mean there are going to be
ovaries exploding all up down the land
i mean that was back when she liked me
now now she just doesn't want to see me
doesn't want to see me at all but oh
that is literally that is one of those
moments i will never forget
it wasn't planned we were you know me
and the boys were in the studio
and you know obviously rose was there
and warren's little girl was there and
jordan's son was i was like oh
this is the first time that we've all
been together in the studio should we
like
just do a dance and literally i was like
just give me five minutes and i just
sort of like made it up and then we
recorded it and i was just like this is
just the moment
it's just amazing beautiful isn't it
something about it because
like a month old she was she was it was
literally to celebrate her month
like kind of not birthday but yeah four
weeks of like being here and it was her
first time in the studio
[Music]
you